former New York City Mayor an attorney
for the president Rudy Giuliani all
right mayor do you agree with my
assessment of how things shook out oh
sure sure I do I think that Bernie was
so frightening they picked the man that
is showing obvious signs of dimension
which is astounding because if you
consider that what he's still displaying
gets worse what's he gonna be like three
years from now yeah if he doesn't know
what state he's in he can't figure out
who his wife is and if he thinks 150
million people which is half the
population roughly of America got killed
then what's he going to be like two
years from now when that illness gets
worse do you I think I don't think we
should put look what we're dealing with
who's gonna be the president of the
United States and we shouldn't pussyfoot
around with this the man has something
wrong with them and it's serious not
only that his family has been stealing
for 30 years there are at least eight
cases in which the family made hundreds
thousands and millions of selling his
public office now it is possible it is
actually possible that when he said I
didn't know about it he's so out of it
it's the best offensively that's true I
mean the kid the kid has terrible drug
problems and it becomes a
multi-millionaire any father would want
to know how right and and since daddy
took him to China to make 1.5 billion of
it you know I noticed that you said he's
soft on China yeah if my family got you
know 1.5 billion dollar investments for
China I you know I don't think I'd be
soft on China anyway but it could it
could affect you and he could do you
know a went to Iraq when he went to Iraq
and he blew and he blew the Status of
Forces Agreement and his brother got
one-third of a 1.5 billion dollar
housing project might have had an effect
your honor I don't know yeah do you
think Simon Says that you know I didn't
know what was going on when he says that
does that make him look even more out of
it because that could be the best excuse
he has but when he makes that excuse
because that's the only way he can slide
by it just makes everybody doubt if he
has what it takes
to run the country if you don't even
know what your family's doing if he
really doesn't know that his father is
his brother and his son was selling him
out for 20 years and became
multimillionaires then he belongs
somewhere else not in the white house
you know and you know where he belongs
so he's either being the president right
he's either corrupt or he's close yeah
well let me stop the fooling around I
have witnesses that know that he knew
you do of course he knew of course he
knew he knew probably from the beginning
and it's a scam it's the family if the
Biden family enterprise what's their
what what do they monetize they monetize
his public office when he's in the
Senate they do it with a real estate
company they do it with a bank they do
it with a private equity fund that goes
bankrupt and one guy in and is running a
Ponzi scheme and they make millions from
that and then they do it with Iraq and
they do it with Ukraine and they do it
with China and those are the ones where
they made millions there were little
ones where they made less like Romania
this was an ongoing criminal enterprise
it should have been investigated when I
first brought it out back in February
and the only reason it's affecting the
presidential campaign is because it was
covered up back in February by the press
by the Democrats with the lies that the
case had been debunked I have the case I
have the arrest of the company three
weeks before the prosecutor was fired
and I have the memo that shows that
hunter Biden was engaged in a fourteen
point six million dollar money
laundering scheme prosecutor got that
three days before he was fired the
prosecutor has been poisoned that's that
there's a record in the Austrian
hospital with the foremost surgeon not
Serge of a doctor in the world who saved
Viktor Yuschenko his life he was
poisoned with mercury never even covered
in the American press well they don't
want to cover it and if they have to
face it they just call it to bumped and
they look the other way can i play you
some video mayor of some unearthed
sliding sound from early 70s I think 73
Cleveland he's making some comments that
made people think wow
I haven't heard that before from Joe
let's listen to him on black Americans I
think the two-party system although my
Democratic colleagues all like me saying
this I think the two-party system is
good for the south and good for the good
for the black in the south all right and
then he follows that up with some
comments about women which some may
think was a little sexist let's listen
to that the only analogy I can really
think of is a football analogy and I
apologize to you women in the audience
for not being able to think of a more
appropriate analogy but they told me
here they didn't want you here anyway I
didn't expect any women to be here
so say what you want about the content
of that 1973 if that had been Donald
Trump on tape saying those exact things
all hell would have broken loose but if
it's Joe Biden no of course and if over
Donald Trump and Donald Trump jr. they'd
both be indicted by now right so the
unfairness of it and the double standard
is horrible but I'll tell you what that
displays to me I mean I've known Joe
since 1976 and I know people went to law
school with him he was at dumbest guy in
a law school class I mean that could be
that could be the product of an
inadequate IQ but right now we got
something worse going on what I see I
mean I've had relatives and I think we
probably all have if you can't figure
out what's going on with Joe Biden right
now then you're covering up and if you
can't figure out that he was involved in
the bribery then you're really so naive
you shouldn't be covering anything I
mean my god I investigated lots of
crimes this would be one of the easier
ones to prove I'm gonna knocked down
easy documents audio tapes video tapes
confessions they don't need anything
else
woody and the cover-up that's going on
it's so corrupt it actually is so
corrupt if we don't change it America
doesn't have much of a future in terms
of a country that is as fair to
Republicans as Democrats or gets
politics out of the criminal justice
system what do you think it says about
the Democratic establishment that they
will put forward a candidate that's
obviously not doing well upstairs and
obviously it's very corrupt very
crooked with regards to family members
getting rich off that because what do
you think that's it but what's so why so
they're getting behind this guy you know
they don't want crazy socialist I
understand the politics of that but
their this is this guy's damaged goods
and they're trying to ride damaged goods
to the White House just to get their
power back what does that say about them
it says about them that they've been
completely corrupted by the coverage
they get you know if if someone if
someone's not disciplined for doing
something wrong they do it again and
again and again and again at least if
that kind of person now Biden and
Hillary Clinton don't believe in a
million years they're gonna get punished
for the kinds of crimes they commit in
which all of us would go to jail you're
right the press enables them that's in
their mentality I noticed it when this
first came out Biden said the press has
discounted this who cares about the
press right the Pratt made the press
discounted the Mafia okay Joe the
president countered it and if that's
their mentality and then he then he sent
it out to the press ain't notice that
they shouldn't put me on television can
you imagine if Trump put out a notice
saying they shouldn't put Comey on
television it's so unfair and I noticed
one thing you said in your in your in
your monologue you talked about Muller
as I think back on her and I think about
my encounter with mobile when I was
representing the president maybe they
put him there because they knew he
hardly knew what's the perfect and
demonstrated would eat justified it's
the perfect analogy let the animals he
let the animals run the zoo they put a
guy up there that had I guess some
stature and then everybody else does
what they do behind the scenes and they
can get away with it and well for them
it's and you know it were it didn't work
perfectly because you know no collusion
it's obstruction but I think you're
gonna get the same out of that they did
but I think at the end of the day
they're gonna get the same result of Joe
Biden which is another term for Donald
Trump Rudy I have to run so I gotta let
you go
great show thank you very much I
appreciate you coming in